for years I've been dreaming about
putting together the ultimate road trip
and for me that opportunity finally
presented itself when I connected Eddie
Bauer with air shoes these are two of
the greatest American icons and
adventure
this trip all started for me back in sun
valley we had about 36 inches of new
snow it's a great ski in there and jump
the airstream hit the road heading for
tahoe
tada was amazing we had about eight feet
of new snow probably will end up being a
storm of the year hooked up with some
great friends and saw that place like I
never had before we finished up in Tahoe
and we're in route to Colorado and then
we realized well the conditions are
going off in Utah so we better stop off
and that's I think that's when I really
realized that the airstream is a way to
go welcome to the bunk room here in the
airstream is where we sleep complete
with flannel sheets from eddie bauer
very comfortable so it wasn't actually
always like this we pulled the standard
queen size bed and put in four bunks
enough for our whole crew and that's the
beauty of an airstream really is you can
customize it to suit your own needs just
next to the bunk room here we've got the
shower on the left bathroom on the right
we actually have tank heaters to keep
the water from freezing during winter
months kitchen area is really well
thought out fridge here nice pantry
taking advantage of just about every
inch in here stove oven sink nice
countertop for food prep and plenty of
space to enjoy a nice meal
we did a lot of our cooking on the grill
outside ski camping I mean a lot of the
places that we want to ski are out of
the town so this is this is the closest
way to get to your objectives the
airstream parked this baby at the base
of the mountain crack it in the morning
and we're we're often running at
daylight it's a way to do it and the
garage my favorite part welcome to the
Airstream garage otherwise known as the
toy Locker you can see here we got a
full rack of Katie powder skis and our
poll stash their the design team and
hair scenes guys are amazing they worked
with us to customize the layout of the
garage to meet our needs specifically
and the possibilities are endless and
the best part about this setup is all
the stores you can see we got our
helmets our backcountry ropes ice axes
and in here I like to keep extra jackets
backpacks this is sort of my side over
here and then Zack side over here which
is actually a complete mess we're not
even going to look in there oh yeah and
the stereo we got this ten channel
mixing board this thing will light up
the base of any ski resort we had our
dream list of unique accessories an
Airstream delivered beyond expectations
including this custom ski bag while
accessing repair pretty much got
everything you need for a real good time
we actually visited the Airstream
factory back in Ohio and it is amazing
to see the kind of craftsmanship that
goes into these vehicles the aluminum
shell is super lightweight and that
classic Airstream shape makes it very
aerodynamic so it's so easy to tell and
the fact that they're handmade makes
them incredibly durable it's no surprise
of these things last more than a
lifetime yeah first out the season is
over
we're all warmed up looking forward to
head north to Alaska and ski some first
ascents
you